
# Homework 9
## Part 1 - Plot Review
I reviewed the plots produced by rs6431 and ks5063. 

The reviews are saved in HW9_sz2404 folder and for [rs6431](../HW9_sz2404/rs6431_plotReview_sz2404.md) and [ks5063](../HW9_sz2404/ks5063_plotReview_sz2404.md).

Pull requests have been sent to repo owners for merging. 
## Part 2 - Practice: Statsmodel OLS and WLS
I followed Dr. Bianco's skeleton notebook. 

## Part 3 - OLS & WLS Regression Model

I followed Dr. Bianco's skeleton notebook. 

I have included all the raw data file within this folder:

Population: click [here](../HW9_sz2404/Population.xls)

GDP: click [here](../HW9_sz2404/GDP.xls)

Firearms murders and owndership: click [here](../HW9_sz2404/World_firearms_murders_and_ownership.xlsx)

Mass shooting: click [here](../HW9_sz2404/data-pvLFI.csv)

### Extra Credit: 
I worked on the confidence interval plotting and Influential plot (used the third method as well as the influential plot). 

### Notes on the GDP value: 
It can be seen that the GDP has slight differences between the data I collected and Dr. Bianco's number. The dataset I used was updated around 2018 October reflecting the current US dollar value. The notebook stated CUSP 2017 at the beginning at therefore, the data below (generated by Dr. Bianco) might have used the data from a previous year and therefore, reflecting a different currency value.

# Collaboration:
Part 1: I worked alone for this part. 

Part 2 & Part 3: I had discussions with Alia Kasem and Kate Cauley to make sure that I have correctly understood the instructions. Also, we exchanged some thoughts and sources on some technical issues with regards to plotting, statisics and debugging issues etc. 

# Reference:
References has made along the notebook whenever functions were borrowed from Stack Overflow other other Python Package Documentations. 

Altman, N., & Krzywinski, M. (2016). Points of Significance: Analyzing outliers: influential or nuisance?.

Jacoby, W. G.(2005). Outliers. http://polisci.msu.edu/jacoby/icpsr/regress3/lectures/week3/11.Outliers.pdf
